In order to complete this assignment to improve my digital literacy and technical skills, I utilized 1 coding practice platform and a cloud-based collaboration tool.
In Part A, I set up an account on Code Chef and completed the beginner-level coding problem “Python Practise”. The use of Code chef provided me with the opportunity to explore how the Code Chef interface works and how to practice solving basic coding problems using the Python programming language. Completing this challenge built my confidence in being able to write and submit code online, which will be necessary for coding interviews and competitive programming.

In Part B, I created a Digital Literacy Awareness Quiz with Google Forms, which contained 5 questions (i.e., multiple choice and short answers) that evaluated a user’s digital literacy level. I then linked the Google Form’s response data to Google Sheets, which provided me with an effective way to aggregate and analyze the data. Through my experience with Google Forms, I learned about the operation of surveys and feedback systems in real life. I Can Share My Google Form Link " https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeEMzQrG1lBc2ougGPcO6nGhROwn4gkSQWEn7sER-6oTMMc2w/viewform?usp=publish-editor "

In summary, both of these tools can be of great use by providing academic success for students. For example, Code Chef can help improve problem-solving skills and programming ability, while Google Workspace tools can facilitate effective collaboration, data management, and communication. Thus, both Code Chef and Google Workspace tools prepare students to be successful in both technical evaluations and teamwork in a professional setting.
